setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ACCNT.CRACNT.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ACHARGE.ESB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ADEPOSIT.ESB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.APYMT.CRDPPYMT.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.APYMT.L9CRPYMT.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CHARGESR.ESB.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CSMCUSTSR.ESB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CUSTHRCHY.ESB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.MEMSRV.ESB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.RM1UNRSMNGR.ESB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CNSUB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CRSUB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CSO.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.MVSUB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.RS.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.SUSUB.CPOS.PERF.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ACCNT.CRACNT.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02   -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ACHARGE.ESB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02    -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ADEPOSIT.ESB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.APYMT.CRDPPYMT.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.APYMT.L9CRPYMT.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CHARGESR.ESB.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CSMCUSTSR.ESB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CUSTHRCHY.ESB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.MEMSRV.ESB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.RM1UNRSMNGR.ESB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.0 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CNSUB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CRSUB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CSO.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02  -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.MVSUB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.RS.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.SUSUB.CPOS.SIT.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ACCNT.CRACNT.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ACHARGE.ESB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.ADEP.PSDN.ESB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.APYMT.CRDPPYMT.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.APYMT.L9CRPYMT.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CHARGESR.ESB.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CSMCUSTSR.ESB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02    -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.CUSTHRCHY.ESB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02   -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.MEMSRV.ESB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.RM1UNRSMNGR.ESB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CNSUB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CRSUB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.CSO.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.MVSUB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.RS.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
setmqaut -m QMEIGU1 -n 	DOX.SUBSBRSR.SUSUB.CPOS.PSDN.RPO.02 -t q -p eaiuser +get +inq +browse +setall
